#Introduction to WP-CI

I love WordPress. But writing plug-ins for WordPress sucks.  There are a lot of plug-ins out there, all of them using WordPress' smashing plugin API to create some great functionality.  But at the end of the day, the native API leaves me wanting more.

* I want to develop WordPress plug-ins using MVC principles.
* I want for security to be easy to remember and easy to implement.
* I want to be able to write plug-ins that provide body content on the front-end with minimal modification to my themes.
* I want to be able to utilize AJAX without implementing esoteric, hack-like features in my plug-in.

And I don't want to have to refer to the gigantic Codex every time I need to one-off a new project: give me a manageable API.

With these goals in mind, I have written a plug-in for WordPress that creates a new plug-in framework.  This framework, based on CodeIgniter, has far exceeded my personal expectations for the project (and it's still in alpha!).  Not only did I manage to satisfy my own requirements, I managed to do so without hacking either of the proven stacks, all while taking advantage of some very cool features of PHP 5 (annotations).

##Early Adopters Beware

The current release is ALPHA and so you should expect the core API to change with the next release, and possibly even break your application in complicated ways.  You have been warned.

This software is not warranted in any way.

Please send initial impressions to [me](mailto:aaron@collegeman.net).
